tool labs->toolforge (#42)
hatnote/weeklypedia: README.md

Weeklypedia
===========

> Generate a weekly email digest for edit and discussion activity on Wikipedia. Gathers Wikipedia data from [Wikimedia Toolforge ](http://tools.wmflabs.org/) and delivers emails with Mailchimp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a weekly email digest for edit and discussion activity on Wikipedia. Gathers Wikipedia data from [Wikimedia Toolforge ](https://toolforge.org/) and delivers emails with Mailchimp.
```
